Don't cry since you don't want to be apart
Then we can all stay with Mommy, right?
Yeah, then I don't recognize it either, I don't recognize it either
Mommy worked so hard to raise us
I want to be mommy's child forever
Great, no one is allowed to tell Mommy about this
Hanging the hook for a hundred years will not change
Whoever changes is a puppy
Remember to listen to your teacher
Mommy went to work
Cat, etc.
I want to eat too
Mommy, I want it too, I want it too
Why are you guys so enthusiastic today?
Mommy is happy
Bye bye mommy goodbye
By the way, brother Dabao
You introduced our dad last night
So who is your dad?
It must be the same scum as Qi Hancheng
There is nothing to say about the management
If it weren't for Mommy, we wouldn't have survived
Uncle, are you introducing yourself to the international form?
Why is he also the heir to the Imperial Group?
Oh, so you know me.
If you let the bunch of trash from the Ministry of Security know
The national network was breached yesterday
It turned out to be a 50-year-old puppy
And he's my son
I have no idea.
And how would they look?
It turns out that you are the replacement of Brother Dabao
So handsome
Hmph, I don't need useless stuff like Daddy
The woman named next week
That's how you're taught to talk to your elders
Don't speak ill of my mommy